-How many members were in Destiny's Child?
-How many Grammy Awards did Beyonce win for her album Dangerously in Love?
-What was the name of Beyonce's first solo album?
-What were the two number-one singles off of Beyonce's first album?
-What is Beyonce's middle name?
Did Beyoncé go to college?
Did Beyoncé release an album in 2003?
Is Beyoncé from Houston, Texas?
Was Beyoncé in a girl group?
What is the name of Beyoncé's debut album?
1) How many pupils did Chopin have?
2) How many concerts did Chopin give in Paris?
3) How many movements were in the Cello Sonata Op. 65?
4) How much money did Chopin struggle to make?
5) How many February 1848s were there?
1. Did Chopin's popularity as a virtuoso begin to decline in the 1830s?
2. Did the number of Chopin's pupils also start to decrease during this time?
3. Was Chopin's financial situation worsened by the political instability of the 1840s?
4. Did Chopin give his last Paris concert in February 1848?
5. Did the program for this final concert include the Cello Sonata Op. 65?
How many religious leaders were preoccupied with an overriding concern for dealing with the powerful secular Rinpungpa princes?
How many princes of Rinbung occupied Lhasa?
How many abbots of Drigung Monastery threatened Lhasa?
How many times was Gendün Gyatso forced to abandon the Drepung Monastery?
How many years was the Gelug given rights to conduct the New Years prayer?
1. Did the Association for Asian Studies state that there is evidence to suggest that later leaders of the Gelug had contacts with Ming China?
2. Did Gendün Drup and Gendün Gyatso have an overriding concern for dealing with secular Rinpungpa princes?
3. Was the authority of the Rinpungpa leaders simple?
4. Was it 1518 when the secular Phagmodru ruler captured Lhasa from the Rinbung?
5. Was Gendün Gyatso forced to abandon the Drepung Monastery when the Drikung Kagyu abbot threatened Lhasa?
How many Nintendo staff members reported complaints about the control scheme?
How many users were surveyed about the control scheme?
How many button presses did the new item system require?
How many minutes before release did the team rework Link's character model?
How many sections are in the player's guide?
1. Did Nintendo staff members report that demo users complained about the difficulty of the control scheme?
2. Did Aonuma realize that his team had implemented Wii controls under the mindset of "forcing" users to adapt, instead of making the system intuitive and easy to use?
3. Did the camera movement get reworked and item controls get changed to avoid accidental button presses?
4. Did the new item system require use of the button that had previously been used for the sword?
5. Did Link's character model get changed so that he was right-handed?
How many teams were reported ready to join the rescue effort?
How many men were in the search and rescue group?
How many kg of relief supplies did each man carry?
What was the height of the Tibetan village above sea level?
How many days were the Tibetan villagers stranded without food and water?
1. Is the Red Cross Society of China willing to accept donations of tents, medical supplies, drinking water, and food?
2. Is the Red Cross Society of China only willing to accept cash donations?
3. Did a search and rescue group from a motorized infantry brigade under commander Yang Wenyao reach the ethnically Tibetan village of Sier?
4. Were over 300 of the Tibetan villagers stranded in their demolished village for five days without food and water?
5. Was helicopter evacuation not an option due to the extreme terrain conditions?
